# AutoRouter
#### Video Demo:
#### Description: **AutoRouter** is a program that is made to meet my personal needs rather than a general use-case program . So it won't work for the majority. This will be useful for only those who are studying in Islamic University of Technology by OIC (Orgnization of Islamic Cooperation), staying in the University Hall of Residence with routers of similar interface to TP-Link Archer C20. In order to understand the function of this of this program, we need to first understands how internet works in Islamic University of Technology Hall of Residence . Basically, every student in IUT is given a username and password (PPoE) for access to IUT internet. 12000 minutes are allocated for each student in each month which translates to approximately 7 days in a month. Using internet more than the aforementioned time results in penalty to user. So using 24/7 internet for the whole month is impossible using only one account. Therefore, to get around this, we have to use at least 4 accounts in a month and shuffle them throughout the month in a router. And in IUT Hall of Residence, there's exactly 4 person in every room. So we do exactly that . We use wifi router and one account at a time to gain access to internet and change them approximately every week to avoid penalty.There's a website in IUT that's dedicated to show the usage of the users but it becomes cumbersome to check that everyday and change the credentials every 7 days . As we humans are also forgetful it's not always possible to check the usage before the usage crosses the threshold and results in penalty . So to avoid such scenarios, I decided to automate the process where **AutoRouter**, the python program I have written will check the usage of an account automatically and change the account in the router if the usage crosses certain threshold which is 11600 minutes in our case. In case the program fails to check usage or change the credentials in router,it will send a email containing error message to the 4 users. The threshold is taken as 11600 instead of 12000 to be on the safer side from any error and in case there is, it will give the users enough time to change the credentials manually if needed or debug the error. Now as for technicalities, Selenium library was used to navigate the websites or router pages, extract informations and changing the credentials in the Router using Firefox and Geckodriver. Yagmail was used to send email in case there's error . Since there's sensitive information like username and passwords are involved os,dotenv and json was used to store and extract them. There are total of 6 functions in the program. As the functions implemented don't return any specific values, unittest and mocktests were implemented in test_project.py for pytest.

